.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii my_program.1
.\"
.TH my_program 1 "MARCH 1995" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
my_program \- frobnicate the bar library
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B my_program [-bar] [-c
.I config-file
.B ]
.I file
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B my_program
frobnicates the bar library by tweaking internal
symbol tables. By default it parses all baz segments
and rearranges them in reverse order by time for the
.BR xyzzy (1)
linker to find them. The symdef entry is then compressed
using the WBG (Whiz-Bang-Gizmo) algorithm.
All files are processed in the order specified.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -b
Do not write `busy' to stdout while processing.
.IP "-c config-file"
Use the alternate system wide
.I config-file
instead of
.IR /etc/my_program.conf .
This overrides any
.B my_programCONF
environment variable.
.IP -a
In addition to the baz segments, also parse the
blurfl headers.
.IP -r
Recursive mode. Operates as fast as lightning
at the expense of a megabyte of virtual memory.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/my_program.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR my_program (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.my_programrc
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR my_program (5)
for further details.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP my_programCONF
If non-null the full pathname for an alternate system wide
.IR my_program.conf .
Overridden by the
.B -c
option.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued on stderr:
 
Bad magic number.
.RS
The input file does not look like an archive file.
.RE
Old style baz segments.
.RS
.B my_program
can only handle new style baz segments. COBOL
object libraries are not supported in this version.
.SH BUGS
The command name should have been chosen more carefully
to reflect its purpose.
.SH AUTHOR
Jens Schweikhardt <howto at schweikhardt dot net>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bar (1),
.BR my_program (5),
.BR xyzzy (1)
Footer
© 2022 GitHub, Inc.
Footer navigation
Terms
Privacy
